Python SDK: Adds section on optional dependencies (#1906)
wandb/docs: models/ref/python.mdx

> After performing your training and fine-tuning operations with this SDK, you can use [the Public API](/models/ref/python/public-api) to query and analyze the data that was logged, and [the Reports and Workspaces API](/models/ref/wandb_workspaces) to generate a web-publishable [report](/models/reports/) summarizing your work.

## Sign up and create an API key

To authenticate your machine with W&B, you must first generate an API key at https://wandb.ai/authorize.

## Install and import packages

> Install the W&B Python SDK using pip:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the W&B Python SDK using `pip`:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: it's not specific to `bash`, i'd use a generic `shell`

| `gcp` |  Google Cloud Storage support. | [google-cloud-storage](https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-storage/) |
| `aws` | AWS S3 and other AWS service support. | [boto3](https://pypi.org/project/boto3/), [botocore](https://pypi.org/project/botocore/) |
| `azure` | Azure Blob Storage support. | [azure-identity](https://pypi.org/project/azure-identity/), [azure-storage-blob](https://pypi.org/project/azure-storage-blob/) |
| `media` | Packages for media handling, video/image processing, plotting, and cheminformatics (RDKit).| [numpy](https://pypi.org/project/numpy/), [moviepy](https://pypi.org/project/moviepy/), [imageio](https://pypi.org/project/ImageIO/), [pillow](https://pypi.org/project/pillow/), [bokeh](https://pypi.org/project/bokeh/), [soundfile](https://pypi.org/project/soundfile/), [plotly](https://pypi.org/project/plotly/), [rdkit](https://pypi.org/project/rdkit/) |
| `sweeps`| Manage sweeps. | [sweeps](https://pypi.org/project/sweeps/) | 
| `perf` | High-performance JSON serializer. | [orjson](https://pypi.org/project/orjson/) |
| `workspaces` | W&B Reports and Workspaces SDK. | [wandb-workspaces](https://pypi.org/project/wandb-workspaces/) |

> See `optional-dependencies` in the [W&B Python SDK GitHub repository](https://github.com/wandb/wandb/blob/main/pyproject.toml#L61) for an up-to-date list of optional dependencies.

Reviewer: As discussed, this list should be auto-generated by script, removing the need for this sentence. (In general, pointing people to github source files for "documentation" probably isn't what we want? After all, consider all the exceptions to that list in the source Dima is pointing out above ^ )

Author: @johndmulhausen QQ: A handful of these are being manually removed (i.e. no longer 1:1 between `.mdx` file and `pyproject.toml`) because they are in various states of "working". Given that, is it worth generating a script?

with wandb.init(entity=entity, project=project) as run:
   run.log({"accuracy": 0.9, "loss": 0.1})
```

## Install optional dependencies

Install optional dependencies that extend the functionality of the W&B Python SDK. Use the following command to install an optional dependency. Replace `extra` with the desired [optional dependency](#supported-optional-dependencies):

```bash
pip install wandb[extra]
```

For example, to install W&B with Google Cloud Storage support, run:

```bash
pip install wandb[gcp]
```

Install more than one optional dependency by separating them with commas:

```bash
pip install wandb[gcp,aws,media]
```

### Supported optional dependencies

The following table lists supported dependencies for the W&B Python SDK:

| Package | Purpose | Packages included |
|---------|---------| ------------------|

> | `kubeflow` | Integrations for Kubeflow and object storage access. | [kubernetes](https://pypi.org/project/kubernetes/), [minio](https://pypi.org/project/minio/), [google-cloud-storage](https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-storage/), [sh](https://pypi.org/project/sh/) |

Reviewer 2: I think it's been broken for years, I wouldn't mention it. ask @andrewtruong?

| `gcp` |  Google Cloud Storage support. | [google-cloud-storage](https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-storage/) |
| `aws` | AWS S3 and other AWS service support. | [boto3](https://pypi.org/project/boto3/), [botocore](https://pypi.org/project/botocore/) |

> | `azure` | Azure Blob Storage support. | [azure-identity](https://pypi.org/project/azure-identity/), [azure-storage-blob](https://pypi.org/project/azure-storage-blob/) |

Reviewer 2: I'd check with the artifacts team re these.

Author: Checked with @amusipatla-wandb.  We are good to aws, gcp, and azure.

| `media` | Packages for media handling, video/image processing, plotting, and cheminformatics (RDKit).| [numpy](https://pypi.org/project/numpy/), [moviepy](https://pypi.org/project/moviepy/), [imageio](https://pypi.org/project/ImageIO/), [pillow](https://pypi.org/project/pillow/), [bokeh](https://pypi.org/project/bokeh/), [soundfile](https://pypi.org/project/soundfile/), [plotly](https://pypi.org/project/plotly/), [rdkit](https://pypi.org/project/rdkit/) |
| `sweeps`| Manage sweeps. | [sweeps](https://pypi.org/project/sweeps/) | 

> | `launch` | Installs cloud providers and orchestration platforms | [awscli](https://pypi.org/project/awscli/), [azure-identity](https://pypi.org/project/azure-identity/), [azure-containerregistry](https://pypi.org/project/azure-containerregistry/), and more |

Reviewer 2: Are we still actively supporting it? I'm not sure who even owns it.. Yank?

> | `models`| |  [cloudpickle](https://pypi.org/project/cloudpickle/) |

Reviewer 2: Not sure what this is. Let's yank

```suggestion
```

> | `perf` | High-performance JSON serializer. | [orjson](https://pypi.org/project/orjson/) |

Reviewer 2: We're trying hard to make orjson a requirement, so this will go away soon. It doesn't depend on us, unfortunately: https://github.com/ijl/orjson/pull/607

```suggestion
```

> | `importers` | Data import and helper utilities. | [polars](https://pypi.org/project/polars/), [rich](https://pypi.org/project/rich/), [filelock](https://pypi.org/project/filelock/), [mlflow](https://pypi.org/project/mlflow/), [tenacity](https://pypi.org/project/tenacity/) |

Reviewer 2: This is also not actively maintained and is likely to be borked 😅. We tried to find out who owns it and failed miserably haha

with wandb.init(entity=entity, project=project) as run:
   run.log({"accuracy": 0.9, "loss": 0.1})
```

## Install optional dependencies

If needed, you can install optional dependencies that extend the functionality of the W&B Python SDK. Replace `extra` with the desired [optional dependency](#supported-optional-dependencies):

```shell
pip install wandb[extra]
```

For example, to install W&B with Google Cloud Storage support, run:

```shell
pip install wandb[gcp]
```

Install more than one optional dependency by separating them with commas:

```shell
pip install wandb[gcp,aws,media]
```

Use extras when you need deeper integration with specific platforms or features. For example:

> * Install `gcp` if you store datasets, models, or artifacts in Google Cloud Storage.

Author: Move, make h3 headings. Explain what "dependency" means.

with wandb.init(entity=entity, project=project) as run:
   run.log({"accuracy": 0.9, "loss": 0.1})
```

## Install optional dependencies

> Install optional dependencies that extend the functionality of the W&B Python SDK. Use the following command to install an optional dependency. Replace `extra` with the desired [optional dependency](#supported-optional-dependencies):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If needed, you can install optional dependencies that extend the functionality of the W&B Python SDK. Replace `extra` with the desired [optional dependency](#supported-optional-dependencies):
```

```shell
pip install wandb[extra]
```

For example, to install W&B with Google Cloud Storage support, run:

```shell
pip install wandb[gcp]
```

Install more than one optional dependency by separating them with commas:

```shell
pip install wandb[gcp,aws,media]
```

### Supported optional dependencies

The following table lists supported dependencies for the W&B Python SDK:

> <PythonSDKExtras/>

Reviewer: If it's only used once, I don't think we need this as an include?

Author: Ah, I was following what Matt's doing in the CLI docs, e.g.: https://github.com/wandb/docs/blob/main/snippets/en/_includes/cli/wandb-beta-leet.mdx
